Updated and fixed READMEs ++ (#70)
fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template: dev/vagrant/bootstrap/README.md

# Bootstrap 
In this folder you can customize the startup procedure of the Hashistack with pre- and post start ansible scripts.

You may put any number of playbooks in this directory for running ansible commands prior to bootstrapping the hashistack. 
Doing this, you need to provide the same folder structure as in the provided example found in [template_example/dev/vagrant/bootstrap](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/tree/master/template_example/dev/vagrant/bootstrap).

> ## :warning: Note

Reviewer: I like the way you use :warning:, but it's not used like that anywhere else. Maybe we should actually start using your approach for all "notes" that are very important, and find another way to mark less important notes? I don't know honestly
```suggestion
## About the structure and content of files
```

Author: I kinda liked it, so I would vote to use it other places as well :smile:

Reviewer: The decision has been made!

There is two things to note in the example:

> - The playbooks in the example is numbered to run in a specific sequence, where numbered `00-<name>.yml` will run first and `99-<name>.yml` run last.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The playbooks in the example are numbered to run in a specific sequence (alphanumeric order), where numbered `00-<name>.yml` will run first and `99-<name>.yml` run last.
```
